Background
Early Life

Family History

Annie was born to Gregori Hastur Gregori Hastur and Amoline Kiosar, two mages that fled the capital city of Noxus Crest icon Noxus due to their uncertainty of Boram Darkwill's Boram Darkwill's rule. Unbeknownst to Gregori, Amoline was actually a runaway from the LoR Non-Champion Non-Spell Indicator1 Ravenbloom Conservatory, a school run by the Solid Rose Clasic Faction Colors Black Rose where she was experimentally fused with a Demon named Tybaulk Tybaulk.[1]

The couple made a home in the Ironspike Mountains and Amolie became pregnant. In anticipation for her child's birth, Amoline crafted a stuffed teddy bear based off of the mysterious shadow bears rumored to roam the lands around them. As she applied finishing touches to the toy, Amoline suddenly went into labor and gave birth to Annie.

Childhood

As a newborn, Annie was given the teddy bear that her mother made for her. When Annie was a toddler, she and her father got ill with a fever that was so hot that Amoline couldn't even touch her. Amoline tried using ice water from the river to ease her daughter's fever but became desperate, resorting to using the powers of the demon Tybaulk to save her. By infusing the demon with Annie's stuffed bear, her illness was magically cured at the cost of her own life. When Gregori woke up the next day, Annie in her crib, cured of her fever and playing with her stuffed bear she now named Tibbers. Amoline however was nowhere to be seen.

Growing up, Annie's latent magical abilities magical abilities began to manifest, allowing her to manipulate the flames of the fireplace without her father noticing. Annie naïvely believed that her mother would return one day, often found sitting by the fireplace in her mother's rocking chair and clutching Tibbers tightly while waiting for her mother's return.

Step-Family

Annie Trouble
Crayon drawings depicting Tibbers Tibbers and Annie's birth mom Amoline.
VIEW IMAGE
As more people began settling around the Ironspike Mountains, Gregori fell in love with one of these settlers named Leanna Leanna, who had a daughter of her own named Daisy Daisy. Gregori soon married Leanna and the two families joined together, making Leanna Annie's new step-mother. Leanna began to grow disturbed by Annie, often finding her morbid crayon drawings depicting Amoline and Tibbers. Daisy on the other hand grew close with Annie as sisters, but grew terrified of Tibbers and Annie's fire magic, which often sparked from her short temper.

Annie Origins concept 24
Annie and Daisy Daisy chasing a Faerie across a river.
VIEW IMAGE
While playing outside, the two chased a Faerie around the forest and followed it to a river. Though Annie protested against chasing it across the river, Daisy began skipping on stones to reach the Faerie, losing her balance and slipping. As the waters started to take Daisy, Annie reached out with her bear and allowed her step-sister to grab on. As Daisy held on, Annie's magical abilities began to flare up as Tibbers glowed with a light fire. Frightened by Annie's magic, Daisy panicked and let go of Tibbers, drowning in the river while Annie watched helplessly.

Mourning the death of her step-sister, Annie overheard Leanna as she blamed Annie and called her a monster to Gregori's face. Overwhelmed with grief and emotion, Annie ran to her room and sobbed as she slowly lost control of her magic, setting her room on fire. Soon the entire house caught aflame as Gregori ran into his daughter's and carried her out of the burning house. As house began to collapse, some rubble from the ceiling began to fall, forcing Gregori to throw Annie to safety as he sacrificed himself to save her, getting crushed to death by the falling rubble.

AnnieOriginsBioImage
Annie standing on top of the ashes of her house, orphaned and clutching Tibbers.
VIEW IMAGE
As the whole house was in ashes, Leanna violently expressed her spite towards Annie, vocally blaming her for everything. As Leanna snatched Tibbers away from Annie, she tried to tear the bear apart out of anger, triggering Annie's full rage as she manifested the demonic Tybaulk by animating her teddy bear animating her teddy bear for the first time, viciously tearing Leanna into pieces. Now, completely alone, traumatized and orphaned, Annie wandered off into the countryside with only her bear Tibbers to keep her company.[2]

ADVERTISEMENT
Modern History

Annie wandered the northern parts of Noxus while avoiding the capital city, believing that most city Noxians would be similar to her hated step-mother. Occasionally on her travels, Annie would use her adorable exterior to convince a family to take her in and care for her, which would usually end in a fire and death when anyone tries to separate Annie from her stuffed bear. At some point, Annie was adopted by a family who gave her a new set of clothes; her signature pink and purple outfit along with her horned tiara. It's unknown what happened to them, but they are presumed to have been killed by Annie's uncontrollable fire magic.

At some point, Annie ended up at a tavern run by a bartender named Marcin. Ominously, Annie skipped through the tavern doors and asked Marcin for a cup of milk, which Marcin was confused by but complied anyway. As he got the girl a cup of milk, Annie paid with a full bag of coins that was more than necessary for payment. A nearby bounty hunter overheard and caught glimpse of the large sum of gold, demanding to know where she found so much money. As the bounty hunter continued to provoke the young girl, Annie unleashed Tibbers, who immediately shredded the man apart and set the tavern on fire. Annie happily thanked the bartender before walking out as the entire structure crumbled into ashes.[3]

Recent events

Ravenbloom Conservatory

Annie being taken into the 1 Ravenbloom Conservatory by Fynn Retrick.
Annie being taken into the LoR Non-Champion Non-Spell Indicator1 Ravenbloom Conservatory by Fynn Retrick.
1/2
After hearing rumors about a girl with fire magic roaming the northern Ironspike Mountains, the Ravenbloom Conservatory sent a scout named Fynn Retrick to investigate. Fynn, who personally knew Amoline in the past, found Annie and immediately recognized her as Amoline's daughter. Having been sent to retrieve the demon Tybaulk and realizing what Amoline had done with Annie, Fynn brought Annie back to the school with him to be enrolled as their newest student.[4]

In the conservatory, Annie befriended most of her classmates, all of whom were youths wielding magical abilities. This included an Oovi-Kat vastaya named LoR Non-Champion Non-Spell Indicator3 Daani, a boy named LoR Non-Champion Non-Spell Indicator2 Sydell and a prodigy student named LoR Non-Champion Non-Spell Indicator3 Faye. Annie showed a powerful talent for fire magic to the school and became extremely important due to the fact that she was directly linked to Tybaulk, an important asset that the school wished to regain control of. Annie was a temperamental and mischievous student, as her misbehavior proved too difficult for the faculty staff to control and discipline.[5] Annie's temper eventually got the best of her as she summoned the full force of Tibbers and set the entire school on fire, forcing everybody to evacuate as the academy burned to ashes.[6]

ADVERTISEMENT
Appearance
She is a young girl described with a bright-red hair and brilliants green eyes. She wears a infant gothic, with a pink and purple palette. She wears a horned tiara, who gives her the impression of an imp, and has a leather bag on her back. She seems to always carry a innocent and malicious face.

Personality
Annie is childish and reckless, putting on a display of innocence while showing an unsettling sense of humor at times. She is very protective of Tibbers, seeing him as her best friend, and will not hesitate to animate him to attack whomever tries to harm her or snatches him from her. She is shown to have an indomitable will which impressed Tybaulk (the demon within Tibbers) enough to ally with her.

Abilities
Magical Physiology: Annie, like her mother Amoline, was born with a natural magical talent which might grow as she matures and trains her abilities further. Though her talents in magic arose as a young child, she is almost completely untrained in them and often loses control of her magic during moments of intense emotion, particularly rage or distress. Annie was initially admitted into the LoR Non-Champion Non-Spell Indicator1 Ravenbloom Conservatory for training, but proved too unruly and mischievous to teach.
Fire Magic: Fire Magic: Annie has a natural affinity towards fire magic, something she may have inherited from her mother as well. Her abilities allow her to control fire with her mind, capable of setting small objects on fire or lighting hearths. After bonding with Tybaulk Tybaulk, Annie's magic with fire became enhanced, allowing her to burn entire homes down with a wave of flames wave of flames or hurl destructive fireballs hurl destructive fireballs at opponents.
Demonic Bonding: Demonic Bonding: Annie has a magical bonding with the fire demon Tybaulk Tybaulk, which thoroughly enhances her innate fire magic to an extreme degree. Tybaulk is trapped inside Annie's sentimental stuffed teddy bear Tibbers, allowing Annie to manifest Tybaulk in the form of a giant fire bear capable of tearing opponents to shreds and setting everything in the vicinity ablaze.
Relations
Tybaulk/Tibbers Tybaulk/Tibbers

Tybaulk, known to Annie as 'Tibbers,' is the fire demon trapped within her stuffed teddy bear. Annie's mother Amoline initially contained Tybaulk within her own body, until she eventually placed him within Annie's teddy bear while magically curing her daughter's sudden illness.

Tibbers is Annie's best friend and last companion due to the death of her entire family. Because her teddy bear is the only living piece of Annie's mother she has left, she is extremely fond of him and becomes enraged when someone tries to hurt or separate the two. Tybaulk on the other hand doesn't care much for Annie and serves only as an extension of her powers. However, he is impressed by her strong will as she is the first mortal he's met that has been capable of taming him.[7]

ADVERTISEMENT
Gregori Hastur Gregori Hastur

Gregori was the loving father of Annie, nicknaming her 'Firefly' and raising her for most of her life after Amoline's sudden disappearance. After Gregori remarried, his love for Annie never faltered and he acted as the mediator between Annie and her new stepmother Leanna, who often came to odds with his daughter due to being disturbed by her abilities and strange tendencies. When the house burned down because of Annie's flames, Gregori remained concerned for his daughter's safety, ultimately sacrificing his own life to bring her to safety.

Amoline Kiosar-Hastur (Mother)

Amoline was Annie's birth mother and had created Tibbers as a gift to her when she was born, having gone into labor with Annie while stitching the last button eye on the stuffed bear. When Annie gained a terrible fever, Amoline grew desparate to save her daughter from the illness and resorted to infusing her daughter with the powers of the demon Tybaulk Tybaulk to save her, sacrificing her own life and mysteriously disappearing in the process.

After Amoline's disappearance, Annie held on hope that her mother would one day return, constantly waiting for her at the fireplace while drawing pictures of her mother. Her obsession with her mother would grow disturbing however, such as one crayon drawing depicting her mother being buried underground implying she's aware that she most likely passed away. Tibbers is the last remaining piece of Amoline that Annie has left, causing her to be deeply connected to the stuffed bear to the point that anyone attempting to separate them would cause Annie's rageful outbursts.

Daisy Hastur Daisy Hastur (Stepsister)

Daisy was Annie's stepsister, being the daughter of Leanna. Because the two were similar in age, they often got along and played together, but Daisy became frightened of Annie's temper and fiery powers. She grew a fear of Tibbers due to the fact that, at one point, Annie ignited Tibbers when Daisy attempted to take him to play a game.

One fateful day, the two playfully followed a faerie as it flew across a river with dangerously rushing waters. While chasing the faerie, Daisy slipped on a wet rock and struggled to hang on as the powerful currents took hold of her. Annie tried to save Daisy by reaching out to her with Tibbers, unwillingly heating the stuffed bear with fire because of her overwhelming emotions. Daisy, terrified of the toy bear, lost her grip and drowned in the river as Annie watched, horrified. Shortly after, Daisy's mother Leanna vocally blamed Annie for Daisy's death, causing Annie to become overwhelmed with guilt and sadness as she grieved her stepsister's death.

ADVERTISEMENT
Leanna Hastur Leanna Hastur

Leanna is a colonist in the Ironspike Mountains who fell in love and married Gregori Hastur, becoming Annie's stepmother. Annie's continuous obsession for her birth mother Amoline immediately caused a rift between her and Leanna, who in turn grew disturbed by Annie's strange behaviors especially after finding her crayon drawings of Amoline.

Their troubled relationship grew as Annie played with Leanna's daughter Daisy, who she would try to protect from Annie due to her temper and fiery magic. After Daisy's tragic death in the river, Leanna told her husband that she completely blamed Annie for her daughter's death, calling her a monster. As Annie overheard Leanna, she became overwhelmed with grief and set the house ablaze without control of her powers, ultimately leading to Gregori's death as he sacrificed himself to save her from the house fire.

Atop the ashes of the house, Leanna violently lashed out at Annie, blaming her for everything and stating that she took everything from her. In anger, she snatched Tibbers out of the hands of a grieving Annie and attempted to rip him apart out of anger, causing Annie to manifest Tibbers as he viciously tore Leanna to shreds.

Ravenbloom Conservatory

Annie's birth mother, Amoline, was a former student of the Ravenbloom Conservatory but ran away to the northern parts of Noxus Crest icon Noxus after being infused with the demon Tybaulk. The headmistress of the school, Headmistress Telsi, sent a scout named Fynn Retrick to locate Amoline and retrieve the demon infused with her body. Fynn instead returned with Annie, who they instantly recognized as Amoline's daughter and that she was magically infused with Tybaulk.

In the school, Annie was incredibly powerful with her magic considering her young age and lack of training. However, most of the school faculty feared her due to her temper and mischievous, claiming that her misbehaviors made her impossible to teach. Eventually, Annie summoned Tibbers in the school, burning the entire building to ashes as she joyfully skipped away.

Daani

Daani is one of Annie's classmates in the Ravenbloom Conservatory, being a magically talented Oovi-Kat vastaya. He is incredibly playful with Annie and friendly with her, with Annie even considering him her 'second bestfriend.' Daani also seems curious about Tibbers, mostly due to his magical ability to see magical auras and noting that he's never seen a powerful aura around a stuffed bear before.

ADVERTISEMENT
Sydell Kythera

Sydell Kythera is one of Annie's classmates in the Ravenbloom Conservatory, magically gifted with a connection to spiders such as his pet spider named Fang. The two seem to get along, with Sydell being mischievous delinquent in the school and bonding with Annie over their troublemaking. Though Sydell would rather do things like skip classes, Annie would state that she thinks it'd be more fun to burn the entire school down. Annie calls Sydell Mr. Kythera but often has trouble pronouncing his last name.

Faye

Faye is a prodigy within the Ravenbloom Conservatory and one of Annie's classmates. Wielding powerful telekinetic abilities, she is favored by Headmistress Telsi, who utilizes Faye to influence the students when they become too unruly for the school faculty to control.

When Annie sparred with Faye at the school's training grounds, Faye became interested in her immense power and took a liking to her. Possibly under the orders of the headmistress, Faye would attempt to convince Annie to further her training and expand her powers.

LeBlanc LeBlanc

Though LeBlanc has never met Annie in person, she runs the Solid Rose Clasic Faction Colors Black Rose, a secret society within Noxus that truly runs many schools such as the Ravenbloom Conservatory. In this school in particular, the Black Rose experimented with demons, harnessing their powers and infusing one of them within Annie's mother Amoline. When Amoline went missing, it's assumed that the Black Rose are the ones who issued to orders to retrieve both her and their experimented demon.

Mordekaiser Mordekaiser

Annie has never met Mordekaiser, but its believed that Tybaulk had initially been enslaved by him during his vicious reign over Noxus, before being harnessed by the Black Rose in the Ravenbloom Conservatory.